Magic Johnson who of course is a
president of basketball operations the
Lakers now was here a couple weeks ago
and we were speaking about you I don't
know if you saw this but let's take a
look here what constitutes tampering
like if you're on vacation and you run
into Paul George are you not allowed to
speak to him no we don't say hi because
we know each other I say she can say hey
I want you to come to a Lakers even
though I'm gonna be wink winking like
did you know what that means
all right so as he winked at you yet
ever does that have any impact on you
that have an effect on you no man
doesn't I love I love magic I love magic
great dude good you cannot looking for
us yeah yeah I always get those ties man
I'm an LA kid actually at my home Kobe
is like the biggest person in my or what
is cloud even me how do you talk to Kobe
about coming to the Lakers not yet not
yet I plan on working out with them and
uh oh you are gonna pick his brain a
little bit have you worked out with him
before ah
are you nervous about that oh yeah yeah
I was thinkin oh you know training now
to get ready to work out with him I
heard stories about Kobe working out
with a guy and Kobe says yeah I'll pick
you up tomorrow at 4:00 and then the
guy's standing out there four o'clock
and finally calls Kobe and said hey what
happened you didn't pick me up he said I
meant for am not four o'clock p.m. are
you prepared for that kind of situation
if it's week old man whatever it
whatever he says you got to do you got
to do this it's the Mambo you gotta
listen to them I hope he tells you to
come to Lakers but of course people in
Indiana this is the worst case scenario
for them right I love video man it's
really a heart is there any chance you
could play for both teams that would
that would be well rested thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares